give me your hands
I don't even do this anymore your
brother I'm telling he's right he's
really for you either
what are you doing this for a while had
an office a website newspaper articles
even had a book written about him it's
what I couldn't go past highest QA
question the job I had before I was as a
psychic
what do you think happens when we die
I recognize you you're that psychic I
have news for you I don't do it I got
I'll give you my word I won't tell
anyone you have a duty to do it that you
have a gift it's not a gift Billy it's a
curse
I think she experienced that
listen listen everything I lost
if you're worried about being on your
own don't be you're not
hereafter